Feature/console tools 1 490 (#578)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/console-consumer-producer-avro/kafka/markup/dev/produce-topic.adoc

:experimental:

To produce your first Avro record into Kafka, open another terminal window and run the following command to open a second shell on the broker container:

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="shell">{% include_raw tutorials/console-consumer-producer-avro/kafka/code/tutorial-steps/dev/open-docker-shell.sh %}</code></pre>
+++++

From inside the second terminal on the schema-registry container, run the following command to start a console producer with the schema you created previously:

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="shell">{% include_raw tutorials/console-consumer-producer-avro/kafka/code/tutorial-steps/dev/console-producer.sh %}</code></pre>
+++++

The producer will start and wait for you to enter input. Each line represents one Avro record and to send it you’ll hit the enter key.

> Try typing one line at a time, hit enter and go back to the Avro console consumer window and look for the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try copying and pasting one line at a time, hit enter and go back to the Avro console consumer window and look for the output.
```
